♪ Sweet baby, that's my baby ♪
♪ He's about as sweet as it gets ♪
You better hope for a boy.
Raising girls is a nightmare.
Wow. Thanks, Mama.
Here. Let me help you.
Oh, thanks.
I don't think
I'm ever gonna get used to that.
Better than trying
to tear each other's faces off.
Anthony, get down here!
That little shit ate every last cannoli.
Sorry, Amanda-san. Had midnight snack.
You ate a dozen cannolis?
They were mini.
Very small. Uh, bite-sized.
Yeah, I know what mini is.
You know, just…
take this to the living room.
Feel free to keep walking from there.
The guy flies in for the weekend
to kill Terry Silver,
stays for another three months.
That's normal, right?
Hey. Hey, those are for the party.
It's just one.
Since when do you drink just one?
You hoping for a boy or a girl?
Ah, either way, I'm good.
Took me a bit, but I'm a pro with boys,
and girls are easy.
I wouldn't be
so sure about that, Johnny.
Whatever. Chicks dig me.
Good luck.
Who's 30 minutes early?
Who was it?
Nobody there. Just this.
Wait. You hear that?
Is it… ticking?
Kreese.
Come on. You think Kreese would walk
into a FedEx Kinko's with a bomb?
He did let a live cobra loose
in your dealership.
I heard you never caught the damn thing.
The wrangler said that was prob--
That's not the point.
What about Silver? I can see him
pulling a Unabomber move like this.
Don't move it!
It could have a dead man's switch.
Remember Murtaugh on the crapper
in Lethal Weapon 2?
The key is staying completely
and totally… still.
I have rearranged pastries.
Tray is now balanced.
The package came early.
- Guess it's a girl.
- I can't wait to meet her.
And for her to meet her dad.
It's a girl!
- Ow.
- I'm a girl dad. You're a girl brother.
Where's Daniel?
Oh, yeah, uh…
I told him not to move.
I'm too old for this shit.
My students' abilities
far exceed what you had in America.
Our training here is more intense.
- More precise.
- And more demanding.
What do you call that combo?
Viper attack.
It is designed to penetrate
even the most advanced defense.
And when executed correctly,
it will leave
the opponent's head vulnerable.
Yoon Do-Jin.
His family has trained
in our dojang for generations.
He wears the geum baeji
because he is our best student.
Whatever you ask of Yoon,
he will execute to perfection.
Impressive.
That's how you do it!
Kwon Jae-Sung!
You did not follow the lesson.
It's a waste of time.
Just go straight for head.
No head, no fight.
No shortcuts.
And for your defiance,
you will have a new assignment.
Whatever it is, I can do.
I am sure you can.
Go and clean my grandfather's toilet.
Back to work!
Kwon has always been a troublemaker.
His rebelliousness is a distraction.
A team is only as strong
as its best fighter.
Master Kim has challenged me
to bring out the best.
I will handle your distraction.
All right, all right. You got
the kata down. Let's see you use it.
Fighting positions.
Ready?
Fight!
Come on, fight.
What is this, Ice Capades?
That's enough. Fighting stance.
- Twenty-five reverse punches. Ready?
Yes, Sensei.
- Begin.
Hai!
Your girlfriends are broken.
What the hell did you guys do?
We didn't do anything.
They're just friends now.
Yeah, they went from war
to Cold War to peace.
Yeah, piece of crap fighting.
Hai! Hai!
Sensei, I get that Miyagi-Do
is about avoiding conflict,
but if they're not gonna go hard
during training,
how are they gonna lead us to victory
at the tournament?
They're not.
They're gonna get their asses kicked.
All right, tomorrow's the big day, boys.
Finally gonna find out
which country's hosting the Sekai Taikai.
Germany would be cool. My dad's
getting stationed there next month.
Oh, sick.
My money's on Taiwan.
Gonna get my Din Tai Fung on.
- There's a Din Tai Fung in Glendale.
Word?
Hai! Hai!
Love the smell of karate in the afternoon.
- I think that's pond scum.
- Hey.
Hey.
Your daughter's a pussy now.
So is Nichols.
Last I checked, Miyagi-Do doesn't mean
fighting like girls.
- You know what I'm saying.
- Sure.
- I thought you said girls were easy.
- They are.
Okay, then, girl dad.
Work your magic.
This should go well.
Lee. Call your dad. Tell him
you're having people over tonight.
I wish you could see this, Mr. Miyagi.
A whole dojo
full of kids learning your lessons.
Need new mattress.
Tempur-Pedic. Very comfy.
Almost finished?
Yeah. Still feels weird
to box up Mr. Miyagi's stuff, but
if anyone's gonna move in,
I'm glad it's Chozen.
Uh, cellular signal not good.
Uh, did Miyagi-san
run fiber optic Internet?
It's a little rustic, sure,
but it's just temporary
till you go back to Okinawa
after the tournament, right?
Uh, not going back to Okinawa.
Come. Help me move bed.
Okay. Go.
What's that?
This belonged to Miyagi-san?
It must be his. He… he built the place.
I'm sure you are all curious
to who our visitor is.
Sensei Kreese is one
of the strongest senseis
to ever train at this dojang.
He brings an invitation
for us to test our strength
against the best fighters in the world.
You will give him
your full respect and attention.
Is that understood?
Yes, Sensei!
A long time ago, I had a student.
I trained him to be the best of the best.
He dominated every opponent he ever faced.
He was destined
to become a world champion.
And then, one day…
it all changed.
He lost
to an insignificant, scrawny little runt
with maybe six weeks of training.
And why did he lose?
Because this opponent had more heart.
So, class…
how do we defeat
an opponent who has more heart?
- More practice, Sensei.
- No.
- More offense, Sensei.
- Wrong.
Have heart yourself, Sensei.
Or kill their heart
with strong kick to ribs.
You do not speak!
Kwon, is it?
It seems you don't take me seriously.
Perhaps… I need to show you
just how serious I am.
Does Devon have a home dojo?
No idea. But I am wearing waterproof shoes
in case Johnny throws us
in a creek or quicksand.
You made it.
We're in the basement.
Welcome to Miyagi-Do After Dark.
- I don't think you should call it that.
- Miyagi-Do Nights?
No.
Dark Nights?
Wait. Is this a slumber party?
I've never had one before.
I didn't know what color nail polish
you guys like, so I just got them all.
Since you two are friends now,
we can have a girls' night.
- With you?
- Hell yeah. I'm a girl dad now.
I brought cookies
and tampons and everything.
Come on inside. Grab a sleeping bag.
The Mr. T one's mine.
Sensei, this isn't me complaining,
and I know you love a good theme, but
I'm not sure how a sleepover
is gonna help them get their edge back.
Their friendship's caused them
to lose the eye of the tiger.
They need conflict.
I used to hear about
Ali's slumber parties.
Nonstop drama.
Put a bunch of high-school girls
in a basement, mix in a little gossip,
pretty soon you got something
that makes Scarface look like Bambi.
Mr. Miyagi kept this hidden,
so opening it
would be an invasion of privacy. Right?
Are you kidding? We have to open it.
The curiosity might actually kill me.
Sometimes better not to have answer.
Right now, anything is still possible.
If we open, we face truth.
Guys, this is Mr. Miyagi
we're talking about.
Possibly the greatest man who ever lived.
How could you not wanna open
his buried treasure?
Mr. Miyagi was a boxer?
From China.
There must be some amazing stories
behind all of this stuff.
Well, May 3rd, 1947.
"Police are searching for the culprit
in a violent robbery and assault."
"Jim Watkins of Lodi was hospitalized
after a severe beating
and the theft of a valuable necklace."
"He identified his attacker
as Keisuke Miyagi."
Keisuke Miyagi?
Miyagi-san had brother?
Not that I know of.
Look.
That's Mr. Miyagi,
but the name is wrong.
And he was born in 1924, not 1918.
My mom says she's 71, but she's really 73.
People lie about their age all the time.
691 Hill Street.
If Mr. Miyagi did live there,
maybe we can go find some answers.
- Are your lungs bursting yet?
- Yes, Sensei!
Good. You can thank Mr. Kwon for that.
I do not wish to question your methods,
but is it really worth
wasting an entire day of training
just to punish Kwon?
This is not a punishment.
It is a lesson.
And they all will learn.
We're tired
of your disrespect.
You want my respect? Earn it.
We are here to train.
I will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
I have nothing to learn from you.
Oh.
Have it your way.
That's enough for today.
Come back tomorrow at sunrise.
You said you would
bring out the best in my students,
that you could handle Kwon's distractions.
And now my top student is distracted.
Only through pain
does a champion reveal himself.
Who's ready to have some fun?
Ready? Fight.
♪ I come home in the morning light ♪
♪ My mother says
"When you gonna live your life right?" ♪
♪ Oh, Mama, dear
We're not the fortunate ones ♪
♪ And girls, they wanna have fun ♪
♪ Oh, girls just wanna have fun… ♪
Will Mitch ever win the All Valley?
- Who the hell's Mitch?
- Penis Breath.
♪ The phone rings in the middle… ♪
Nope.
♪ My father yells… ♪
- Yeah!
- ♪ What you gonna do with your life? ♪
♪ Oh, Daddy dear
You know you're still number one ♪
♪ But girls, they… ♪
Does Tory want Sam
to fall down a flight of stairs,
breaking every single bone
in her little body?
What?
Well, let's see what it says.
♪ Some fun ♪
♪ When the working… ♪
- There it is. That's ugly.
- ♪ Day is done ♪
♪ Oh, girls, they wanna have fun ♪
♪ Oh, girls just wanna have fun… ♪
If Sam could describe Tory in one word,
what would that word be?
♪ They just wanna… ♪
B…
♪ They just wanna, they just wanna… ♪
I…
T…
What? It could've said "bitching."
♪ Just wanna have fun ♪
I feel like an old-time PI.
- Wish I had a fedora.
- I have trench coat.
All we have is an address
on a fake ID from, like, 70 years ago.
No one around here is gonna know anything.
Internet said this business
has been around since the 1940s.
If there's anyone alive
who might be able to explain all this,
it's worth the tank of gas.
Unless Miyagi-san buried secrets
for a reason.
Would it help if I said we could get
sandwiches at Philippe's when we're done?
Oh, that is big help.
Spot. Take your fist.
Nice.
Hey, we're looking for the owner.
Fuck off.
Awesome.
Friendly place.
I go get answers.
You know, I don't think it was
such a good idea bringing him along.
He's been such a wild card
since Kumiko didn't call him back.
Based on the welcoming committee,
maybe it's good that we have a wild card.
Hey, excuse me.
Listen, I know I have the right address,
but we figured if anyone knew anything…
Oi, Daniel-san, we have runner. Let's go.
Wh-wh-why are we chasing? Chozen?
Yeah, this one's my fault.
We just wanna talk!
I will cut across Hill Street
and outflank.
What? We're running plays now?
Slow down!
Make me, cop.
You can't prove a goddamn thing.
About what?
Police brutality, man.
You do not know meaning of brutality.
All right. Chozen, ease up.
We're not the police.
Hey, hey, hey. I don't know
what you're up to, and we don't care.
- We just have some questions.
- Yeah, right, Officers.
I'm only here because my mentor might
have had some connection to your gym.
I know this is a long shot,
but have you ever heard any stories about
or… or know the name--
Miyagi.
Have you seen this one?
It looks like the dog's actually talking.
This night
really took a turn for the worse.
Literally, there's no drama.
Have faith, Lee.
I know how girls think.
It just takes one little spark.
Why's Robby calling you?
I don't know.
What did you do?
Stole Robby's phone.
It's a nuclear option.
Probably just a butt dial.
What is it?
It's a text from Miguel.
What does it say?
"Hola, Mamacita."
"How about you drop the zero and…"
"…get with the hero?"
Robby's a zero. Miguel's a hero.
I'm not saying that as me.
I'm saying that as Miguel.
I stole his phone too.
Yeah, it's not that hard to follow.
- Hey, hey, what's going on?
- What's behind your back?
My hands. Nothing. Just my hands.
Lee, your phone's ringing.
Oh, wow, multiple lines. I didn't know
you were such a social butterfly.
You're catfishing us.
I don't know what that is,
but catfish is gross.
You've been messing with us. Now
you're trying to get us to start fighting.
We just wanted
to help you get your edge back
so things can go back
to the way they used to be.
You think things were better
when we hated each other's guts?
No. Maybe just south of that,
like a really strong dislike.
- I thought you were Miyagi-Do now.
- I am Miyagi-do.
Look, we're inside with pillows,
chocolates, and air conditioning.
I want you to hate each other,
but in a friendly way.
- I'm calling an Uber.
- Same.
I can't believe that didn't work.
Hey.
You try to get students angry at me?
You think I'm afraid of them?
No, I don't.
I don't think you're afraid of anybody.
I think you're cocky and disrespectful.
But you combine that
with your skills and strength,
I think you can be
one of the most terrifying fighters
in the Sekai Taikai.
I don't understand.
Just take all that anger inside you
and give it purpose.
Prove to the others that you are
the best fighter in the class.
And there's only one way to do that.
What's the matter, Kwon?
Haven't had enough?
I have had enough. Of you.
You only know what you've been taught.
You can't think for yourself.
It makes you formidable.
But also predictable.
Where are you going?
Come on.
Come on! Hurry up!
Oh, the teacher's pet is back.
Keep talking, bitch.
It's mine.
You got me good there, guy.
A cheap shot to my blind side.
Don't be baby.
I thought you were the IRS.
Uh, I have a difference of opinion
with Uncle Sam on the gym's finances.
I'm still just trying to understand
why Mr. Miyagi would be
a silent partner in a boxing gym.
He and my grandfather were bros.
The way my pop-pop used to tell it, um,
this gym wouldn't have been possible
without Miyagi.
But why use this as a home address?
And what's with the different first name?
When people have fake documents, it's
usually 'cause they're hiding something.
At least that's what I've heard.
Mr. Miyagi had nothing to hide.
- Then why did he flee the country?
- Your information is wrong.
Miyagi-san flee Okinawa for America.
No. Miyagi definitely flee America.
Heard something about a robbery.
Beat the shit out of some mope.
Needed my pop-pop to help him get lost,
if you know what I mean.
Whoa. This is it.
I heard he stole some pricey necklace.
- Wow.
- I never knew this side of him.
Look.
Your guy messed up.
But don't we all sometimes?
Pop-Pop said
he trusted Miyagi with his life.
He didn't throw around that kinda praise.
He was a tough old SOB.
I wish I had more I could tell you.
- My Uber's five minutes away.
- Yeah, mine too.
My guy's got, like, a 4.99 rating.
That's gotta be double Sensei Lawrence's.
And three times his rating
for hosting a slumber party.
Can't believe he stole their phones.
He actually thought
we would fall for that.
It's not like you haven't tried
to steal my boyfriend before.
I was drinking.
And regardless, I…
I know that was a huge mistake.
But it was, like, over a year ago.
- So, what, that makes it okay?
- The shit you pulled after wasn't.
Oh, yeah, here it comes.
Little Miss Perfect LaRusso.
- You attacked me at school.
- You attacked me at prom.
You broke into my house.
- You put me in the hospital.
- It's happening.
I tried to make things right,
and you attacked me again.
- No, you started this whole thing.
- Here we go.
I did? Because the first time we ever met,
you accused me
of stealing your mom's wallet.
And even after you learned
that it wasn't me, you never apologized.
I was already the new kid with no friends.
And then as soon as I connected with
someone, you had to come in and ruin that.
You… you're right.
I'm sorry.
Oh, come on.
I was jealous and distrustful, and
I made a really shitty call, and
I should have apologized.
Long before now.
Yeah, well…
I'm sorry too.
Things went too far.
And if I'm being honest, it was my fault.
I can't believe what I did to your arm.
It's not that bad, actually.
It's pretty much faded.
A lot like this thing between us. Right?
Yeah.
I really am sorry.
Me too.
No.
Could this night get any worse?
Cheer up, Sensei.
Maybe tonight didn't go as planned, but
that could be for the best.
I don't know what's worse.
Finding out he hurt someone or…
never knowing the full story.
Man at gym said Miyagi-san was good man.
He was good man, Daniel-san.
Yeah, a good man who…
committed robbery and assault.
That's one story out of a million.
It's one that he kept from me,
just like everything else in that box.
We keep things from our kids, don't we?
Are we ever gonna tell Sam
and Anthony about Cancun?
Definitely not.
Uh, what happened in Cancun?
You're never gonna find out, Toguchi.
Look, the best we can do
is make the most of the time we have with
the people we love while they're here.
Yeah, I know. I know.
Good night, Chozen.
Good night.
Make most of time.
Hmm.
There is only one way
to defeat an opponent
who fights with heart.
By being heartless.
Skill will only go so far.
To pierce the heart
of your enemy…
you need to harness
all that hate inside you.
Are you ready?
Yes, Sensei.
Good.
Because your opponents
will throw everything they've got at you.
Then we give them no mercy, Sensei.
Good.
Warm them up.
Viper attack. Begin!
No more distractions.
Very impressive.
With Kwon in line,
no dojo stands a chance against us.
But there's still
one more piece of the puzzle left.
Fight!
Now, that's what I'm talking about.
What the hell got into them?
I guess their breakthrough last night
took care of
whatever was holding them back.
Remind me
to never doubt you again, Sensei.
It's like I always say.
Girls are easy.
I know there must be more to this story.
And I know whatever you did,
you had your reasons.
But why didn't you tell me the truth?
Hey, everybody. Gather 'round!
The announcement just came out.
All right. Who's ready to find out
where we're going for the Sekai Taikai?
Congratulations on your admission
to the Sekai Taikai.
We're excited to finally announce
the host city for this year's competition.
Martial arts has always had
a rich history in the East.
And the Sekai Taikai has held
many tournaments throughout Asia.
Soup dumplings, baby.
But in recent years,
European teams have shaken up
the competitive landscape,
bringing a whole new style to the event.
I'm feeling Germany.
Within that region,
there's one nation that has continued
to stand tall amongst the pack
for its growth and dominance
in both junior and senior competitions.
It gives me great pleasure to announce
this year's Sekai Taikai
will be held in Barcelona, Spain.
Sick!
- All right.
- Yes!
That's awesome.
As you prepare for your journey, we'll
also present the rules of registration.
We intend to test your dojo's quality,
not quantity,
and each dojo must select
six fighters to compete.
Wait, six?
These six fighters
will participate in team events,
with one boy and one girl
serving as captains
to enter into the individual competitions,
which will be televised around the world.
We wish a hearty bona sort
to all competitors,
and we look forward
to seeing you in Barcelona.
What exactly does that mean?
It means we don't all get to go.